Fix `qml.draw_mpl` with `work_wires` present (#7668)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>

> * A bug in `qml.draw_mpl` for circuits containing work wires has been fixed. Inconsistent mapping
>   of wires led to invalid work wire assignments during drawing, which has been fixed by
>   considering them during the mapping process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `qml.draw_mpl` now correctly renders circuits with work wires.
  The previous inconsistent mapping for these wires has been resolved,
    ensuring accurate assignments during drawing. 
```
I feel this reads more naturally...
